it has been said that magic valleys from
her world a long time ago but if there's
one thing you can be sure I wish who
could really talk to me it's that
nothing is more powerful than a young
boys
you're my best friend John but
eventually everyone grows up
I've taken lawyer to tena you don't
think she's gonna be expected something
big to do it's been four years Johnny
you and me have been together for 27
years where's my ring huh where's my
hurry what are almost speakers don't
worry I'm not gonna have to say that's
my bad i was sending a tweet John hi
Thomas how are you
please ask Ted to move out so we can
move on with our life i'm not that
psyched to just like kick him out
re hey you're home early who are these
girls oh my god where are my man is Lori
this is angelique heavenly Shireen and
Sauvignon Blanc I swear to God her name
is hope and young block to show you a
chevron KY Ted you gotta move out I'll
help you get on your feet out the I
promise bring it in your basket come on
sorry that's still the fanta thing yeah
yeah yeah I met a girl nice she's a
cashier well I like to do to her
something i call it dirty fuzzy
down here not looking up your towel
swear to god I'm not looking at your
funny business
sometimes I think back to that Christmas
morning when I was eight years old I
wish I just gotten a Teddy Ruxpin
oh why are you crying all right Chuck
and squeeze my daddy
I want stupid are you know you look
dapper John I look like something you
give to your kid when you tell him
grandma died